Updating SEO articles (#5515)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/best-open-source-ab-testing-tools.md

Product review website G2 lists 120 products in the A/B testing category, but what they offer varies widely. Many products on G2, for example, lean toward marketing uses cases (i.e. testing website landing pages) and aren't useful for product feature testing, or focus on a narrow subset of companies.

In this guide, we're looking at the best free and open-source A/B testing tools. Open-source tools are mainly built for developers, so we recommend marketers read our guide to the best [alternatives to Google Optimize](/blog/google-optimize-alternatives).

> **Changelog:**

- **Mar 16, 2023:** Added VWO, updated images. Various copy updates and improvements.

## 1. PostHog

![PostHog - best open source ab testing tools](../images/blog/open-source-testing-tools/img1_PostHog.png)

[PostHog](https://posthog.com) is an all-in-one platform that integrates a comprehensive A/B testing suite with numerous other tools, such as product analytics, feature flags, and session recording. It's designed for product-minded engineers, growth teams, and product managers who need to move fast and iterate based on reliable, actionable insights.

> [PostHog’s experimentation suite](/product/experimentation-suite) supports multivariate experiments, and targeting by geography, user cohorts, and user properties – all of which is built atop PostHog's multivariate feature flags. PostHog uses a bayesian approach to calculate the probability of each variant being the best, and whether the results are statistically significant or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PostHog’s experimentation suite](/product/experimentation-suite) supports multivariate experiments, and targeting by geography, user cohorts, and user properties – all of which is built atop PostHog's multivariate feature flags. PostHog uses a Bayesian approach to calculate the probability of each variant being the best, and whether the results are statistically significant or not.
```

## 5. Flagsmith

![Flagsmith - best open source ab testing tools](../images/blog/open-source-testing-tools/img4_Flagsmith.png)

[Flagsmith](https://flagsmith.com) is an open-source feature flag and remote configuration service that lets you manage features across mobile, web and server-side applications. You can use Flagsmith’s multivariate flags as a bucketing engine to place users into testing buckets and control the specific user experience that is being tested. Flagsmith doesn’t provide analytics for multivariate tests, however, so you’ll need to use a third-party provider to receive the stream of event data derived from the behavior of the user.

### Who is Flagsmith for?

Flagsmith is targeted at data-driven front end and user experience teams who want to increase efficiency in their feature development.

### Features and benefits

- Manage flags across multiple platforms
- Powerful segmenting rules
- Integrations with a number of popular analytics platforms
- Remote configuration allows you to toggle features without changing code

### How much does Flagsmith cost?

> Flagsmith offers a cloud solution for free up to 50,000 requests per month. For teams looking to manage their infrastructure, Flagsmith can be hosted entirely on-premises with pricing available on request. Flagsmith is open source and available on a BSD 3-clause license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flagsmith is open source and available on a BSD 3-clause license. For teams looking to manage their infrastructure, Flagsmith can be hosted entirely on-premises with pricing available on request. They also offer a cloud solution for free up to 50,000 requests per month. 
```
